we're going to eventually run into here
like what this means. How is this going
to work? But I foresee this coming to a
place where we're going to get to a
place where all the abstraction layers
that we have tra traditionally been
using are going to be removed from us.
And the same way I don't tell my
computer where to put this data on the
disk.
>> Yeah. [clears throat]
>> I'm not going to care. I'm just going to
talk to it and get everything
just get everything working there. So
yeah. So Mike Forbin, I appreciate it.
Um yeah, you heard it here first.
Armando and I had to unpack this idea
together with our community. We hope you
enjoy this idea. This is very very
forward thinking maybe or not. I don't
know. You know, now that we've said it
and it's actually out on the internet,
someone's probably going to go take it
and run with it. Or if we if we have
someone out there who's already doing
this, we'd love to talk to you, bring
you on the show. We we'd love to unpack
is this a real thing? And maybe there's
challenges that we're not seeing
>> that could be done here in a near period
of time. I don't know.